python3 and docs updates (#6)
robocomp/robocomp-examples: getting-started/python/keyboardController/Keyboardrobotcontroller-python.md

# Control the directions of the bot using keyboard

For this python component. Import `DifferentialRobot` and build the component using `robocompdsl`. This has been explained in detail in the previous tutorials. Next write the algorithm in `specificworker.py`. The algorithm is as follows:

1. Get the input data from the keyboard.
2. Check the key and perform actions accordingly.
3. If same key is pressed again then increase the parameter.

> To implement this first initialize the code with the following in `specificworker.py`, also don't forget to import the required modules:

Reviewer: The imports are also written in the code below, right?
```suggestion
To implement this, first, initialize the code with the following in `specificworker.py`:
```

```python
import sys, os, Ice, traceback, curses
from PySide import *
screen = curses.initscr()  #get the curses screen window
curses.noecho()            #turn off input echoing
curses.cbreak()            #respond to keys immediately (don't wait for enter)
screen.keypad(True)        #map arrow keys to special values  
```

> Have in mind some changes in the constructor must be made as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Have in mind that some changes must be made in the constructor as follows:
```

```python
class SpecificWorker(GenericWorker):
	def __init__(self, proxy_map):
		super(SpecificWorker, self).__init__(proxy_map)
		self.timer.timeout.connect(self.compute)
		self.Period = 1
		self.timer.start(self.Period)
		screen.addstr(0,0,'Connected to robot. Use arrows to control speed, space bar to stop ans ''q'' to exit')
		self.adv=0
		self.rot=0
```

> Define a parameter key which will get the input form the keyboard. If in case the key pressed is up arrow (KEY_UP) then increase the adv by 20 (arbitrary) and by using differentialrobot's `setSpeedBase` function control the bot. adv and rot are intialized to 0 initially. This is similar to other cases. The code is as follows,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Define a parameter key that will get the input from the keyboard. In case the key pressed is up arrow (KEY_UP) then increase the adv by 20 (arbitrary) and by using differentialrobot's `setSpeedBase` function control the bot. adv and rot are initialized to 0. This is similar to other cases. The code is as follows,
```
